Final Fantasy IV (6, or 3…) Out For Gameboy Advance Today!
Published on February 05, 2007.
So Final Fantasy VI is being released today for the Gameboy Advance!
I remember playing this when it was known as Final Fantasy III for the SNES.
I still have it, too.
Something tells me I shouldn’t buy this, since I already own this and I already beat it before.
Plus I have Final Fantasy IV on the GBA which I haven’t beat yet (though I have beat it on the SNES, and I still have it!).
Couple this with the fact that I have Final Fantasy XII unbeaten, and Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess unbeaten, and I do think I have a case for not buying this.
But it’s Final Fantasy VI!!!
Decisions…